# Prosper Loan Data Exploration 
## Preliminary Wrangling 
I chose the prosper loan data for the project. First, import all packages including numpy, pandas, matplotlib and seaborn for future use. And then load the prosper loan data downloaded from the website before into a pandas dataframe. 
## Data Overview
Find the description of the data set and have a overall look of variables. Select interesting variables that can be investigated. My interest variables/features are BorrowRate, Occupation, IncomeRange and LoanOriginalAmount. 
## Exploration
For the main findings, I found out that borrowers who are not employed has the highest average borrower rate of the loan whereas borrowers have income $100,000+ has the lowest average borrower rate. In general, greater income associated with lower borrower interest rate. Moreover, borrowers with unknown income range (not employed or not displayed) has the lowest avergae loan original amount, while borrowers have income greater than $100,000 have the highest average loan original amount. And also, there is a negative correlation between borrower rate and loan original amount, meaning that greater the loan original amount, lower the borrower rate. 
To put them in all, for borrowers with low or no income, the loan original amount is low and the borrow rate varies in the range. However, as the income of borrowers increases, borrowers are having high loan original amount with a lower interest rate.
These results are chosen because there is a gradual step-by-step exploratory analyze made regarding these variables. Also, the figures generated by these features are representative and clear enough to tell a story. 
